he goes SUV noise down less you quickly
caught up in the summer you see the
rocks at the bottom of the grease for
tonight yeah built into a mountain to
move a mountain how you move one rock at
a time the summer equals one Rockies hey
Garvey's gonna break it all right let's
back up a little bit but off this so
y'all every can't all sit in there we
became a family all I shine bizarre
everyone gives me better get him better
we have found me realize that water way
through season yoga shut the back
straight up work too hard not to get
let's go Boosh Boosh
bitch ass gonna sit just first talk
about kind of what today symbolizes for
you and just as we got here in January
we kind of gunner neither grease boards
today you saw the rocks okay we built a
mountain up and so the goal is for these
young people's you really got to be
visual in these days okay it's different
than the old school leaders did it
because they love the game and they love
being around we're trying to build the
team and we've really done a good job of
coming together but that mountain we
call mountain okay how do you move a
mountain we're trying to teach these
kids 11 rock at a time and there are
hurdles on your ways to life and their
way through season and just like we saw
junior here today and he's thrown up and
it gets back in there and goes and we
didn't go back to one time okay there's
going to be adversity on the field and
we've got to have 11 guys at trust and
love each other and we'll play hard
future cuz there's gonna be a time in
the fall where we can't stop the
bleeding I mean they're running down our
throat the throwing down so we can't
stop the clean we can't have 11 guys out
there you know fighting amongst each
other they've got to look back totally
to the summer in the spring ball and the
winter Chang and they know what we're
trying to evolve is trying to develop 11
guys coach Graham myself and rest of the
staff were only as good as 11 guys walk
across the white line so we're trying to
build the team within a team okay so
that's kind of symbolizes we're moving
11 rock at a time to move that mountain
obviously our Mountain is to play for a
pac-12 and then that will take care of
itself you win the pac-12 everything
else take care of yourself so that's
kind of what that represents and then we
brought we broke it today as you saw we
took a piece because I'm gonna do
something special for the night for the
first game I won't talk about that now
but you saw they took a lot of it okay
hopefully I'm here for 20 years I'd like
to be okay and that would become a very
very important part a tradition of what
happens I'm symbolizing breaking that
rock and you saw they took pieces of it
I would fetch you that a lot of that
ends up either at their houses or in the
locker room okay and that'll become an
important part when we break the first
rock hopefully our first game I'm going
to take a piece i'm going to sign it i'm
going right down into the damn name that
scores the teams and put on my desk and
that becomes an important symbolizes lot
coach as you guys are talking is very
very into the visualization these guys
can't think they're going to be good if
they don't think it and they have to
think and see them believe in their
heart
your minds they're good and that's
you're trying to train every kid cause I
different walk of life a different
ethnic background a different diversity
I mean there's just way to economic
backgrounds and we're trying to get all
those guys to come together to play for
each other and that's a challenge okay
so that's what we're trying to do so
hopefully after we win we break that
rock we can break 12 rocks then we're
sitting where we were wanna pee you took
my the whole transition from January
until now how much has his team
developed an unbelievable I mean it's
unbelievable yesterday we power clean we
had Jamil Douglas jr. who saw us today
and Carl Bradford all between 330-5 and
I filmed it on my iPad so we can have
some of that stuff recruiting that's
unbelievable and they just squat Max
Kavinsky was a 398 squatter now he's
spotted four or five four times yeah
just we've made so much progress in what
we're doing you sell the bench press
today he had two guys at 34 james
morrison at 33 when that's impressive
stuff movoto has been super sick along
the summer and comes back in his 28 and
there's something to be said for how
hard these guys work it's not what we're
doing it's the fact that they're buying
into what we do you can they put their
heart and soul they've been here you
know four days a week two hours a day
and the puzzle growing skill development
three days a week on their own so they
and they've really bought into doing
this thing you've seen today when they
when they brought it up and they become
we've gotten closer and we've got to
continue that because there'll be times
this fall work they're gonna start
questioning what's happening who's not
playing who's playing again you gotta
come back to hopefully together as a
team and that you know it's a huge part
of what we're doing